Verheiden!
No!
You want a piece of me?
You ugly son of a bitch!
Oh, God.
Weyland.
- You OK?
- Yeah, l'm fine.
Leave it. They can only slow us down.
Too much has been lost
to leave here with nothing.
Give it to me.
Max.
Hold on.
Look out!
Come on. We have to get Weyland.
Weyland, come on.
- What were they?
- You're the expert.
l've got to stop. l've got to stop.
Take it easy. Weyland.
Look at me.
You have to slow your breathing down.
Slow, steady breaths.
- Weyland, come on.
- l can hardly stand.
l'm not gonna let you die down here.
You didn't.
- There's another one. We have to go. Now!
- Weyland.
- Come with us.
- Get her outta here.
- Now!
- Come on.
Run!
Don't turn your back on me.
Wait.
This way.
Go! Go!
Look over here.
- He's marking himself.
- What?
Ancient warriors would mark themselves
with the blood of their kill.
lt's a rite of passage.
This is starting to make sense.
The hieroglyphs are
a little difficult to make out.
But the story is all here.
Thousands of years ago,
these hunters found a backwater planet.
They taught humans how to build
and were worshipped as gods.
Every hundred years the gods would return.
And when they did,
they would expect a sacrifice.
Humans were used to breed the ultimate prey.
The hunters would battle
with these great serpents
to prove themselves worthy
to carry the mark.
But if the hunters lost,
they made sure nothing survived.
An entire civilization wiped out overnight.
So...
the humanoids, the hunters -
they brought those creatures here to hunt?
And they use us like cattle.
We're hosts for them to breed in.
The heat bloom was the sign
to lure us down here.
This whole thing was a trap.
Without us, there could be no hunt.
Shit!
Verheiden!
Oh, shit.
When that door opens, we're dead.
- Not if we set things right.
- What do you mean?
This pyramid is like a prison.
We took the guards' guns,
and now the prisoners are running free.
To restore order, the guards need their guns.
When that door opens,
we're gonna give that thing his gun back.
Are you crazy? During a big-game hunt, the
animals being hunted don't arm the hunters.
They're not hunting us.
We're in the middle of a war.
- lt's time to pick a side.
- We are on our side.
We have to consider the possibility
that we might not make it out of here.
But we have to make sure
those serpents don't reach the surface.
Because if they do,
everything everywhere could die.
The enemy of my enemy...
is my friend.
Let's go find our friend.
How do you say ''scared shitless'' in ltalian?
Non vedo l'ora di uscire con te da questa
piramide perche mi sto cagando addosso.
More or less.
Move!
Lex.
Hold on.
Come on, Lex.
Oh, no.
Wait. Wait. Please, wait.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
l'm coming with you.
You hear me, you ugly creature?
What are you doing?
Miller!
Sebastian.
- Help me, Lex.
- l'm gonna get you out of there.
- lt's too late. lt's inside me.
- l'm gonna get you outta here.
- You can't...
- No!
No. No. No! No!
l have to help him.
Lex!
They mustn't reach the surface.
l know.
Do it!
l'm sorry. l'm sorry.
lt's a bomb.
Well, l hope it kills every fucking one of 'em.
You are one ugly mother...
Got it!